Adding Python version statement (#16)
scikit-hep/scikit-hep.github.io: pages/supported-python-versions.md

* All packages in Scikit-HEP must support Python 3, with minimum Python 3 versions listed in [NEP 29][].
* New packages in Scikit-HEP are *recommended* to have one complete release (1.0 or equivalent) for Python 2.7. If users request fixes/patches be available for Python 2.7, they can be applied to a branch on top of this release (this can be viewed as an LTS release, similar to IPython 5). Users of Python 2.7 can pin this version (and recent versions of `pip` can recognize this automatically, as well).
* After this point, packages in Scikit-HEP are recommended to drop Python 2 support for all future versions, starting immediately (unless they have not reached the 1.0 status yet).
* New packages introduced into Scikit-HEP are *not required* to have a Python 2 compatible release.

Beyond these guidelines, NEP 29 can be followed exactly. We do not expect to be able to maintain anything Numpy does not.

> Individual packages within Scikit-HEP may have user communities or needs that require specific support be maintained. Package maintainers can choose to be more lenient than this plan recommends, though they will have to take on the required burden of doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual packages within Scikit-HEP may have user communities or needs that require specific support to be maintained. Package maintainers can choose to be more lenient than this plan recommends, though they will have to take on the required burden of doing so.
```

Statement on Python 2
---------------------

> Python 2 reaches [end of life January 1st, 2020][py2clock]. No more bugfix releases will be made past hat point. Numpy, IPython, Matplotlib, Pandas, and other major packages have already dropped support for Python 2, and many more package have made a [pledge to do so][py3statement].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 2 reaches [end of life January 1st, 2020][py2clock]. No more bugfix releases will be made past that point. Numpy, IPython, Matplotlib, Pandas, and other major packages have already dropped support for Python 2, and many more packages have made a [pledge to do so][py3statement].
```
